feat: css picasso painting (#42436)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-picasso-painting/part-036.md

---
id: 60b69a66b6ddb80858c5159a
title: Part 36
challengeType: 0
dashedName: part-36
---

# --description--

> The mask needs eyes. Within your `gray-mask` element, add two `divs`. The first should have the `class` set to `eyes left`, and the second should have the `class` set to `eyes right`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mask needs eyes. Within your `gray-mask` element, add two `div` elements. The first should have the `class` set to `eyes left`, and the second should have the `class` set to `eyes right`.
```
